and the Extreme Rules match is under way
anything and everything
Archangel squeezing down on the head
he's got him remember this is a No
Disqualification match up
slingshot
you're changing countered it oh man
Archangel wants to fly
kingi looking forward to that huge match
later tonight you are going to want to
miss what happens there tremendous
damage right to the arm and he's toast
Archangel into the headlock
oh that did it this could be huge
incredible counter Archangel controlling
the waist he's getting bucked there's a
lot of things under the ring and all of
them hurt now taking this match outside
the ref can only watch and observe here
as there are no count-outs we talked
about strategy there was a strategy
session between our cameraman earlier
today to ensure that no matter where the
action goes we can cover it archangel
has the headlock
and he targets the honor he's in big
trouble he's quickly becoming attached
to that chair oh my get the medics down
here again this is no disqualification
that's right if he finds an object under
that ring it's just as legal as a
headlock this no-disqualification match
has been a war none of these superstars
are likely to forget what happened here
tonight
Archangel controlling the head I think
that really hurt his arm Christian's in
trouble
Oh No watch out these competitors trying
to keep their wits about them
well Archangel felt that
that arm is just getting dissected
he saw that one coming back to the head
back to the temple
arch 8 an arch angel gets all of it he
was one step ahead on that one arch
angel
it arts angel gets all of it
our changers done it